Boss Goenitz XV, with most moves from all other fighting (including custom ones) games he appears in. Some features (i.e. blood spraying out) are left as they 
are to preserve a mix of traditional and new styles. 

Normals:
F, x - does a turning hit. On its own it is slow and does not combo into anything else. If followed up from close hard punch then it can combo into everything.
Near, b - 1st hit on air enemy causes a fall. 2nd hit does not.
y - Standing hard punch. Past Goenitz does 2 automatic hits with this. KOFXV Goenitz does 1 hit, and if it hits, you press y again to chain the other which 
    knocks up and allows for cancels into specials or supers.
D, b (trip) - can cancel into anything without needing to hit enemy, only for Boss Goenitz.
c (blowback) - can cancel into anything without needing to hit enemy, only for Boss Goenitz. Causes wall splat.


Specials:
DF, x/y/a/b - Tornadoes at different locations. Can cancel projectiles and hit on the ground enemies (does not launch upward from OTG). Can juggle twice in air.
DF, c - Tornado that homes on enemy location, only for Boss Goenitz (does not launch upward from OTG). Can juggle twice in air.
DF, x+y/ a+b (1/2 bar) - EX tornado. 2 tornadoes (only for Boss Goenitz) spawn 1 after the other (near/ far), each doing 3 hits and can hit on the ground enemies. 
                         Launches upward from OTG.
DD, c (1/2 bar) - EX homing tornado that does 6 hits (only for Boss Goenitz) and can hit on the ground enemies. Launches upward from OTG.


FDF, x/y - Boss Goenitz version lasts for a shorter time. Hard (y) version is anti-air but can hit standing enemies (only Boss Goenitz). Invincible at startup.
           Can cancel into other moves early after his hand starts to go down.
FDF, x+y (1/2 bar) - EX version that does total of 12 hits. The last snap hit disallows all juggles after, except for Heavenly Pull super (only Boss Goenitz)
	z - Press this button at the start to stop these moves early. Once EX version hits, you cannot stop it with z button.

FDF, a/b - Jump slash that is invincible at startup. Light (a) version cannot combo into most specials but Hard (b) version can. Must be guarded high.
FDF, a+b (1/2 bar) - EX jump slash that is much faster, is almost fully invincible, and causes ground bounce to set off more combos (only Boss Goenitz). Must be 
                     guarded high.

DB, x/y - Stationary slash that is invincible at startup. No need guard high.
	hold B, x/y - continue the slash combo for up to 3 hits, like Iori's. Depending on initial input, light version 3rd hit launches enemies up, hard version
		      3rd hit knocks enemies to ground. Light version 2nd hit does not knock up, hard version 2nd hit knocks up.
DB, x+y (1/2 bar) - EX stationary slash that is invincible at startup. No need guard high.
	hold B, x/y - continue the slash combo for up to 3 hits, like Iori's. 3rd hit causes ground bounce.

DB, a/b - teleport. Fully invincible at startup. Light version does not go through enemies. Hard version appears in the air and he can attack after appearing.
	  Can cancel into supers early.
DB, a+b (1/2 bar) - EX teleport. Fully invincible at startup. Appears in the air, is faster and travels a greater distance. 
	z - Press this button at the start to stop these moves early.

DBF, a/b - KOF98/2k2UM move where Goenitz dashes and if it connects, does a grab move. (Not KOFXV move)


Supers:
DFDB, x/y (1 bar) - Goenitz's signature dash super. Invincible at startup. Hard version (y) attacks from the air. Can cancel into some EX supers/ climax at end.
DFDB, x+y(or c)/a+b (2 bars) - EX version that dashes further and faster. Hard version (y) attacks from the air (KOFXV does not have this hard version). 
			       Can cancel into climax at the end.

DBDB, x/y  (1 bar) - Goenitz's signature unblockable grab super. Can cancel into EX supers and climax at the end.
DBDB, x+y/c (2 bars) - EX grab super that does 2 more tornado hits at the end; the second tornado slams enemies downward. Can cancel into climax at the end.

DBDB, z (2 bars) - Boss Goenitz's unique EX Heavenly Pull super. Fully invincible and unblockable. If enemy is within 170 pixels IN FRONT OF Goenitz, gets sucked
                   toward Goenitz.
	DFDF, x/y - Goenitz can interrupt this super to throw the tornado out across the screen. Unblockable.

DFDF, a+b (2 bars) - EX dash super from KOF98/2k2 UM.
DBDB, a+b (2 bars) - EX grab super from custom game KOFM.


Climax:
DFDF, z (3 bars) - Homing and unblockable Climax, both these traits only for Boss Goenitz.

